Docs: Rename Standard Catalog to Basic Catalog and update v0.9 status (#1302)
google/A2UI: docs/concepts/catalogs.md

To help developers get started quickly, the A2UI team maintains the [Basic Catalog](../../specification/v0_9/json/basic_catalog.json).

> This is a pre-defined catalog file that contains a basic set of general-purpose components (Buttons, Inputs, Cards) and functions. It is not a special "type" of catalog; it is simply a version of a catalog that we have already written and have open source renderers for. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is a pre-defined catalog file that contains a basic set of general-purpose components (Buttons, Inputs, Cards) and functions. It is not a special "type" of catalog; it is simply a version of a catalog that we provide so the package has "batteries included". 
```

The `renderer` word here is a little bit mis-utilized IMO, our renderers are able to handle any catalog as long as you conform to the API in web_core. The Basic Catalog is just a convenience so you can get started immediately. It'd be nice to let people know that they can create their own custom catalogs very easily, to perfectly match the design language of their app perfectly.

Reviewer: (Very perfectly! :P)

Author: Done in db39bcd — applied your rewording with the additional framing about renderers handling any catalog and encouraging custom catalogs.
